Hi everyone, good afternoon! :) My name is Camille :) , thank you for still alloting some of your time today to witness this presentation eventhough it seems like everyone is busy. :)

AKB Corporation's two subsidiaries who provide the most value to the corporation needed help in determining the key metrics that will be crucial to their community growth and also understand their financial standing further.

One of which is YYH Company, an arts and crafts company.
Business Problem is to help the company in their business decisions by identifying their strong points and areas to increase efforts.
Meanwhile their analytics problem it to determine which three Facebook metrics will be crucial to accelerate their social media community growth to boost sales growth.

Here I have created a dashboard for their Facebook KPI Metrics wherein I have discovered that there are three metrics that are strongly correlated to each other that when the business focus on them more, the success for social media community growth to boost sales growth is guaranteed. These are consumptions, impressions, and engagements. 

Paid vs Organic Impressions:
One of the valuable insights that I have extracted from YHH Company was that they have more Organic Impressions than Paid Impressions Overall which indicates that a significant portion of the visibility and reach on social media or other online platforms is driven by unpaid or organic efforts. It is evident here that in 2020, they have over 1.8M organic impressions and over 600K impressions in 2021. If you will notice, eventhough they have paid impressions in January, when we look at February they were still gaining new fans and more new engagements here despite only having organic impressions. They have paid impressions in January and October, but it is evident that even if they don't pay for it, they will still gain more engagements. This is a valuable information as this can help the company minimize unneccesary costs for more social media growth.

Engagement vs Page Action:
One of our business problem is to identify the strong points of YHH Company, but what about the areas that need increase efforts? This is when the comparative analysis between the number of engagements they get vs the action they make. As shown here, there were times that the company will only engage if the engagement is getting lower (keep hovering), but when they were getting more engagements their page action decreases. This is one of the key weaknesses of YHH Company that I was able to uncover. I think that using Engagement as metric alongside the new engagements can be helpful in maintaining more page actions to leverage the increasing number of engagements and video views.


Daily Total Impressions Distribution:
Moreover, using the daily distribution can also be helpful in identifying the lapses in Page action. The company was more active in posting in 2020 than 2021 and it is evident here in the Daily Distribution. (Click the tip) Here we can see that eventhough the company is received a lot of impressions, the page action is still at 0. 

In conclusion, one of the strongest points of YHH Company were the three metrics that I have used and I think that it is important for them to keep leveraging those strengths while increasing their efforts in areas that need more efforts like how their page action is affecting the new engagements and impressions. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------

Now, the second part of my presentation is for the other subsiadiary of AKB Corporation which is DBZ Company. DBZ Company is a multinational manufacturing company that offers specialty projects called "Ballz" sold to various locations.
Here the business problem is to understand the main value drivers (most profitable products) among the company's product offerings. 
Meanwhile, the company's analytics problem is to determine the products having the healthiest and thinnest margins.

The company needs a dashboard that will turn their financials into visual charts and graphs. 

Financial Overview:
First of, is the financial overview for the year 2020 and 2021 total gross sales, cost of goods sold, and profit. This part of the dashboard provides a comprehensive overview on how well the certain product gets sold in a certain country or which product is the main value drivers of the company. Overall, they year 2020 dominates the revenue, expenses, and the profit. 

Contributions of Products:
In this part, since the company wants to determine which products are the main drivers of their company and which has the healthiest margins, this portion helps in identifying the overall contribution of each product and segment to the net profit margin, show here that the Rapsa Ballz product has the highest net profit margin. It is desirable to have a high profit margin because it indicates that the company is more efficient in converting its revenue into profit. Over here we can also check the profit margin of each product across the segments and vice versa. Enterprise has the lowest margin across products which is evident later in by segment. The higher the profit margin, the healthiest margins, and the most profitable products among the other products. Meanwhile, Cotton Ballz has the lowest profit margin and it is also evident when I compared the Products' gross profit margin and net profit margin. 

Contributions of Segments:
Over here is the the same metric style but this time we are looking at the segments, these are the segments where the company were being manufactured for. Overall, the products are mainly sold to Government, followed by Channel Partners. 

Here is the portion for the units sold to compliment the big values that we have here and back up the profit margins. 

Lastly, is the profit map where can be used if we want a drilldown by country as well just like in products and segments. Here, you can just click the square to see their financial overview, proft margin per product and per segment, and how many units were sold in a specific country per year overall.

As I wrap up this presentation, it is evident that the healthiest and the main value driver for DBZ Company is their Rapsa Ballz products which they should leverage more to gain more sales and cover the high cost of goods sold and gain more profit. and the product with the thinnest margin is Cotton Ballz which is considered least profitable across segments and countries. It is also evident that eventhough they are selling a lot of goods and gaining a lot of sales, because of their high expenses/cost, the profit is too low.
























 